{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red38\green38\blue38;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11980\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hello marker, \
\
My assignment is incomplete however, I would like to explain my methodologies of attempting to solve it. \
\
I have created two classes to handle the Objects and Key frame called OBJECT and KeyFrameTable respectively. Each object is has a \'91KeyframeCount\'92 (initialized as 0) to keep track of number of keyframes each object has. Also, the object class has an \'91ObjId\'92 to keep track of the object id. This is initialized to the value 9999 until it is used for checking failure purposes. The object also called 100 of the \'91KeyFrameTable\'92 structs. Within this \'91KeyFrameTable\'92, there is a an array of attributes[10] (all initialized to 0) that contain the attributes for that certain object.\
\
The functions I have made are:\
\
readInputFile - This will read the input test file.\
printObjects - This will print objects to the console.\
Interpolate - This will interpolate the result and read it into another output file. and print to screen.\
InterpolateResult - this will then read the output file and and store it into the same object ( just copying over the results).\
Draw - draws the points.\
\
Now, If I were to have completed the assignment(like I was suppose to) I would test my program with my own test file with the contents being:\
\
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 OBJECT 0 ladybug.obj\
OBJECT 1 ladybug.obj\
OBJECT 2 spider.obj\
OBJECT 3 ladybug.obj\
OBJECT 4 spider.obj\
\
KEYFRAME   2   0  -50  -35  -60    0    0   10  5.0  5.0  5.0\
KEYFRAME   4 20    0    0    0    0    0    0  7.0  7.0  7.0\
KEYFRAME   3  60  -30    5  -20    0    0  160  5.0  5.0  5.0\
KEYFRAME  0  35  57.5  28.1  -11.7  0  7.78  0  5    5  5\
KEYFRAME  1  90  60  -12.9  -35.7  0  57.1  0  5    5  5\
KEYFRAME  2  30  -30  -27.5  -45  0  0  32.5  5    5  5\
KEYFRAME  3  70  -25  4.17  -15.5  0  0  133  5    5  5\
\
\
Creative Feature:\
I would\'92ve assigned keyboard keys to each object so I could start the animation at any frame number. For example: when the animation of labybug0 is done playing, the user can press any key like F1 and the animation of the ladybug would start again(This idea was taken from the course email).
\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \CocoaLigature0 \

\fs22 \
\
}